Update direct-routing-monitor-and-troubleshoot.md (#2441)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/direct-routing-monitor-and-troubleshoot.md

If sbc1.contoso.com does not send SIP options on a regular interval as described above, it is demoted. Next, sbc2.contoso.com tries for the call. If sbc2.contoso.con cannot deliver the call, the sbc1.contoso.com (demoted) is tried again before a failure is generated. 

> If two (or more) SBCs in one route concidered healthy and equal, Fisher-Yates shuffle applied to distrubute the calls between the SBCs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If two (or more) SBCs in one route are considered healthy and equal,  the Fisher-Yates shuffle can be applied to distribute the calls between the SBCs.
```
